Brother, when I meet you,
I’ll be nice in what I say.
Brother, I will treat you
With love and kindness ev’ry day.
I will show you right from wrong.
And when we don’t seem to get along,
I’ll try to be the big sister
You can trust.
Our house will be your home.
You have a fam’ly of your own.
And most of all, Jehovah God—
He will teach you.
We can’t wait to meet you.
Brother, just like I did,
You’ll learn from Dad how you can pray.
Brother, I’m excited
About the games that we will play.
It won’t be easy to learn to share,
But when you get sad, I’ll show I care
By try’n’ to be the big sister
You can trust.
Our house will be your home.
You have a fam’ly of your own.
And when you come along,
Everyone’ll be there to greet you.
We can’t wait to meet you.